Wow, it's so clean.
Yeah, how's that possible?
There are saponin and saponin in it
Saponin dust removal
Sickless seeds remove oil
This way, no matter how dirty the clothes are, they can be washed clean.
Sister is so smart
Our work will be much easier after that
How are you convinced?
This is what you said.
From now on, my work will be done by you
I'll leave the rest to you
We'll see.
That abandoned concubine is not honest when she arrives at the Xinjuku
Please let me be the master
Don't worry, this palace will definitely teach that bitch a good lesson
Hey, you can't stay in the Xinjuku for the rest of your life, right?
I still have to find a way to make money and leave the palace as soon as possible
What are you doing?
Bold Sinner
Dare to wash it
The emperor gave the empress a beautiful dress